Fixed some inaccuracies and typos. (#97)
Joystream/helpdesk: roles/content-curator-lead/README.md

---

# Troubleshooting

> If you need help with some of the more advanced operations associated with being the `Content Curator Lead` (e.g., maintaining the versioned store), please simply ask for help in the [Discord group](https://discord.gg/DE9UN3YpRP) or get in touch with one of the Jsgenesis team directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need help with some of the more advanced operations associated with being the `Content Curator Lead` (e.g. maintaining the content directory), please simply ask for help in the [Discord group](https://discord.gg/DE9UN3YpRP) or get in touch with one of the Jsgenesis team directly.
```
